---
title: "Export data to an Azure Blob Storage (preview)"
description: "Learn how to configure the connection and export to Blob storage."
ms.date: 11/07/2024
ms.reviewer: mhart
ms.topic: how-to
author: Scott-Stabbert
ms.author: sstabbert
---

# Export data to an Azure Blob Storage (preview)

[!INCLUDE [public-preview-banner](includes/public-preview-banner.md)]

Store data from your Dynamics 365 Customer Insights - Data in a Blob storage or use it to transfer your data to other applications.

[!INCLUDE [data-out-azure-synapse-link](includes/data-out-azure-synapse-link.md)]

## Prerequisites

- An [Azure Blob Storage account with a container](/azure/storage/blobs/storage-quickstart-blobs-portal#create-a-container).
- User who sets up the connection must have the permission to access the content of the container. For example, a [Blob Storage Contributor](/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles#storage-blob-data-contributor) role.
- The [Customer Insights Service Principal](connect-service-principal.md) has write permissions on the container. For example, a [Blob Storage Contributor](/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles#storage-blob-data-contributor) role.

## Known limitations

- For Azure Blob Storage, choose between [Standard performance and Premium performance tier](/azure/storage/blobs/storage-blob-performance-tiers). If you choose the Premium performance tier, select the [premium block blobs as account type](/azure/storage/common/storage-account-overview#types-of-storage-accounts).
- Enabling public access to your own storage account after [setting up an Azure Private Link](private-link.md) won't work. Private Link is only supported if you disable public access to the storage account. Remove the Private Link setup to re-enable public access.
- This export works only for CSV formatted files.

## Set up connection to Blob Storage

[!INCLUDE [export-connection-include](includes/export-connection-admn.md)]

1. Go to **Settings** > **Connections**.

1. Select **Add connection** and choose **Azure Blob Storage**.

1. Give your connection a recognizable name in the **Display name** field. The name and the type of the connection describe this connection. We recommend choosing a name that explains the purpose and target of the connection.

1. Choose who can use this connection. By default, it's only administrators. For more information, see [Allow contributors to use a connection for exports](connections.md#allow-contributors-to-use-a-connection-for-exports).

1. Enter **Subscription**, **Resource group**, **Storage account**, and **Container** for your Blob Storage account.

1. Optionally, if your storage account is behind a firewall, select **Enable Private Link**. For more information, go to [Private Links](private-link.md).

1. Review the [data privacy and compliance](connections.md#data-privacy-and-compliance) and select **I agree**.

1. Select **Save** to complete the connection.

## Configure an export

To configure this export, you must have [permission](export-manage.md#set-up-a-new-export) for this connection type.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> If you turned on the [soft delete setting](/azure/storage/blobs/soft-delete-blob-enable) for the Azure Blob Storage account, exports will fail. Turn off soft delete to export data to blobs.

1. Go to **Data** > **Exports**.

1. Select **Add export**.

1. In the **Connection for export** field, choose a connection from the Azure Blob Storage section. Contact an administrator if no connection is available.

1. Enter a name for the export.

1. Enter the folder name for the Blob storage.

1. Select the box next to each of the tables you want to export to this destination.

1. Select **Save**.

[!INCLUDE [export-saving-include](includes/export-saving.md)]

Exported data is stored in the Blob Storage container you configured. The following folder paths are automatically created in your container:

- For source tables and tables generated by the system:  
  *%ContainerName%/CustomerInsights_%instanceID%/%ExportDestinationName%/%TableName%/%Year%/%Month%/%Day%/%HHMM%/%TableName%_%PartitionId%.csv*  

  Example: Dynamics365CustomerInsights/CustomerInsights_abcd1234-4312-11f4-93dc-24f72f43e7d5/BlobExport/HighValueSegment/2020/08/24/1433/HighValueSegment_1.csv
  
  > [!TIP]
  > Export of tables that contain a large amount of data can lead to multiple CSV files in the same folder for each export. Splitting exports happens for performance reasons to minimize the time it takes for an export to complete.

- The model.json for the exported tables resides at the *%ExportDestinationName%* level.  
  
  Example: Dynamics365CustomerInsights/CustomerInsights_abcd1234-4312-11f4-93dc-24f72f43e7d5/BlobExport/model.json

[!INCLUDE [footer-include](includes/footer-banner.md)]
