topics/preview/reports.md, before:

---
title: Real-time usage report
author: ruthaisabokhae
description: Use the real-time usage report to monitor current activity on your site.
ms.author: ruthai
ms.date: 07/31/2020
ms.service: product-insights
ms.topic: conceptual
robots: noindex,nofollow
---

# Real-time usage report

[!INCLUDE [cc-beta-prerelease-disclaimer]( ../includes/cc-beta-prerelease-disclaimer.md)]

The **Real-time usage** report shows an overview of current activity on your site and it's auto-refreshing every minute. You can use this to monitor the impact that marketing campaigns, press events, and other scenarios that have and impact on your site's traffic.

The report will automatically display when you first sign in to Product Insights. You can also find it by navigating to **Reports** > **Key metrics** > **Real-time usage** in the left-hand menu.

## Reading the report

The real-time usage report consists of five visualizations:

1. Active visitors by device type
2. Page view trend
3. Top referring domains
4. Top pages
5. Visitors by country

Commit message:

update reports.md with new report types

topics/preview/reports.md, after:

---
title: View reports in Product Insights
author: ruthaisabokhae
description: Use the available reports to monitor activity on your site.
ms.author: ruthai
ms.date: 07/31/2020
ms.service: product-insights
ms.topic: conceptual
robots: noindex,nofollow
---

# View reports

[!INCLUDE [cc-beta-prerelease-disclaimer]( ../includes/cc-beta-prerelease-disclaimer.md)]

Product Insights comes with a set of project-based reports using the data collected through the SDK.

Select **Reports** > **Visitor profile** or **Reports** > **Key metrics** to access the reports.

:::image type="content" source="media/reports-list.png" alt-text="Navigation showing the list of available reports":::

Select the time frame of a reports by choosing a value from the drop-down in the top-right corner of a report.

Select a value in a chart or list to filter the report for the selected value.

## Visitor profile reports

The visitor profile section contains three reports:

- **Browsers** shows a breakdown of the Browsers that visitor of your site used to access it.
- **Devices** lists the physical devices that were used to access your site.
- **Operating systems** provides insights in which operation system the devices run when accessing you site.

:::image type="content" source="media/operating-system-report.png" alt-text="Screenshot of an Operating Systems report":::

## Key metrics reports

- **Real-time usage** shows an overview of current activity on your site and it's auto-refreshing every minute. You can use this to monitor the impact that marketing campaigns, press events, and other scenarios that have and impact on your site's traffic.
- **Page views** lists the pages view for individual pages along with the number of total page views over the selected time frame.

:::image type="content" source="media/real-time-usage-report.png" alt-text="Screenshot of the real-time usage report":::
