ci-docs/audience-insights/activities.md, before:

---
title: "Customer activities"
description: "Define customer activities and view them in a timeline on customer profiles." 
ms.date: 09/12/2021
ms.service: customer-insights
ms.subservice: audience-insights
ms.reviewer: mhart
ms.topic: conceptual
author: CadeSanthaMSFT
ms.author: cadesantha
manager: shellyha
---

# Customer activities

Combine customer activities from [various data sources](data-sources.md) in Dynamics 365 Customer Insights to create a timeline that lists the activities chronologically. Include the timeline in Dynamics 365 apps with the [Customer Card add-in](customer-card-add-in.md) solution, or in a Power BI dashboard.

## Define an activity

Your data sources can include entities with transactional and activity data from multiple data sources. Identify these entities and select the activities you want to view on the customer's timeline. Choose the entity that includes your target activity or activities.

> [!NOTE]
> An entity must have at least one attribute of type **Date** to be included in a customer timeline and you can't add entities without **Date** fields. The **Add activity** control is disabled if no such entity is found.

1. In audience insights, go to **Data** > **Activities**.

1. Select **Add activity** to start the guided experience for the activity setup process.

1. In the **Activity data** step, set the values for the following fields:

   - **Activity name**: Select a name for your activity.
   - **Entity**: Select an entity that includes transactional or activity data.
   - **Primary key**: Select the field that uniquely identifies a record. It shouldn't contain any duplicate values, empty values, or missing values.

   :::image type="content" source="media/Activity_Wizard1.PNG" alt-text="Set up the activity data with name, entity, and primary key.":::

1. Select **Next** to go to the next step.

1. In the **Relationship** step, configure the details to connect your activity data to its corresponding customer. This step visualizes the connection between entities.  

   - **First**: Foreign field in your activity entity that will be used to establish a relationship with another entity.
   - **Second**: Corresponding source customer entity with which your activity entity will be in relationship. You can only relate to source customer entities that are used in the data unification process.
   - **Third**: If a relationship between this activity entity and the selected source customer entity already exists, the relationship name will be in read-only mode. If no such relationship exists, a new relationship will be created with the name you provide in this box.

   :::image type="content" source="media/Activity_Wizard2.PNG" alt-text="Define the entity relationship.":::

1. Select **Next** to go to the next step. 

1. In the **Activity unification** step, choose the activity event and the start time of your activity. 
   - **Required fields**
      - **Event activity**: Field that is the event for this activity.
      - **Timestamp**: Field that represents the start time of your activity.

   - **Optional fields**
      - **Additional detail**: Field with relevant information for this activity.
      - **Icon**: Icon that best represents this activity type.
      - **Web address**: Field containing a URL with information about this activity. For example, the transactional system that sources this activity. This URL can be any field from the data source, or it can be constructed as a new field using a Power Query transformation. The URL data will be stored in the *Unified Activity* entity, which can be consumed downstream using [APIs](apis.md).

   - **Show in timeline**
      - Choose if you what to show this activity in the timeline view on your customer profiles. Select **Yes** to show the activity in the timeline or **No** to hide it.

      :::image type="content" source="media/Activity_Wizard3.PNG" alt-text="Specify the customer activity data in a Unified Activity entity.":::

1. Select **Next** to move to the next step. You can select **Finish and review** to save the activity now with the activity type set to **Other**. 

1. In the **Activity Type** step, choose the activity type and optionally select if you want to semantically map some of the activity types for use in other areas of Customer Insights. Currently, *Feedback*, *Loyalty*, *SalesOrder*, *SalesOrderLine*, and *Subscription* activity types can be semantically mapped after agreeing to map the fields. If an activity type isn't relevant for the new activity, you can choose *Other* or *Create new* for a custom activity type.

1. Select **Next** to move to the next step. 

1. In the **Review** step, verify your selections. Go back to any of the previous steps and update the information if necessary.

   :::image type="content" source="media/Activity_Wizard5.PNG" alt-text="Review the specified fields for an activity.":::
   
1. Select **Save activity** to apply your changes and select **Done** to go back to **Data** > **Activities**. Here you see which activities are set to show in the timeline. 

1. On the **Activities** page, select **Run** to process the activity. 

> [!TIP]
> There are [six types of status](system.md#status-types) for tasks/processes. Additionally, most processes [depend on other downstream processes](system.md#refresh-policies). You can select the status of a process to see details on the progress of the entire job. After selecting **See details** for one of the job's tasks, you find additional information: processing time, the last processing date, and all errors and warnings associated with the task.


## Manage existing activities

On **Data** > **Activities**, you can view all your saved activities, and manage them. Each activity is represented by a row that also includes details about the source, the entity, and the activity type.

The following actions are available when you select an activity. 

- **Edit**: Opens the activity setup on the review step. You can change any or all of the current configuration from this step. After changing the configuration, select **Save activity** and then select **Run** to process the changes.

- **Rename**: Opens a dialog where you can enter a different name for the selected activity. Select **Save** to apply your changes.

- **Delete**: Opens a dialog to confirm the deletion of the selected activity. You can also delete more than one activity at once by selecting the activities and then selecting the delete icon. Select **Delete** to confirm the deletion.

## View activity timelines on customer profiles

After configuring your customer activities and selecting *show in activity timeline* in the activity configuration, you can view all your customer's activities on their customer profile.

1. In audience insights, go to **Customers** and select a customer that you would like to view.

1. If a customer has participated in an activity that you have configured, it will be populated on the timeline.

   :::image type="content" source="media/Activity_Timeline1.PNG" alt-text="View configured activities in Customer Profiles.":::

[!INCLUDE[footer-include](../includes/footer-banner.md)]

Commit message:

Completed info on new activity timeline filters

ci-docs/audience-insights/activities.md, after:

---
title: "Customer activities"
description: "Define customer activities and view them in a timeline on customer profiles." 
ms.date: 09/12/2021
ms.service: customer-insights
ms.subservice: audience-insights
ms.reviewer: mhart
ms.topic: conceptual
author: CadeSanthaMSFT
ms.author: cadesantha
manager: shellyha
---

# Customer activities

Combine customer activities from [various data sources](data-sources.md) in Dynamics 365 Customer Insights to create a timeline that lists the activities chronologically. Include the timeline in Dynamics 365 apps with the [Customer Card add-in](customer-card-add-in.md) solution, or in a Power BI dashboard.

## Define an activity

Your data sources can include entities with transactional and activity data from multiple data sources. Identify these entities and select the activities you want to view on the customer's timeline. Choose the entity that includes your target activity or activities.

> [!NOTE]
> An entity must have at least one attribute of type **Date** to be included in a customer timeline and you can't add entities without **Date** fields. The **Add activity** control is disabled if no such entity is found.

1. In audience insights, go to **Data** > **Activities**.

1. Select **Add activity** to start the guided experience for the activity setup process.

1. In the **Activity data** step, set the values for the following fields:

   - **Activity name**: Select a name for your activity.
   - **Entity**: Select an entity that includes transactional or activity data.
   - **Primary key**: Select the field that uniquely identifies a record. It shouldn't contain any duplicate values, empty values, or missing values.

   :::image type="content" source="media/Activity_Wizard1.PNG" alt-text="Set up the activity data with name, entity, and primary key.":::

1. Select **Next** to go to the next step.

1. In the **Relationship** step, configure the details to connect your activity data to its corresponding customer. This step visualizes the connection between entities.  

   - **First**: Foreign field in your activity entity that will be used to establish a relationship with another entity.
   - **Second**: Corresponding source customer entity with which your activity entity will be in relationship. You can only relate to source customer entities that are used in the data unification process.
   - **Third**: If a relationship between this activity entity and the selected source customer entity already exists, the relationship name will be in read-only mode. If no such relationship exists, a new relationship will be created with the name you provide in this box.

   :::image type="content" source="media/Activity_Wizard2.PNG" alt-text="Define the entity relationship.":::

1. Select **Next** to go to the next step. 

1. In the **Activity unification** step, choose the activity event and the start time of your activity. 
   - **Required fields**
      - **Event activity**: Field that is the event for this activity.
      - **Timestamp**: Field that represents the start time of your activity.

   - **Optional fields**
      - **Additional detail**: Field with relevant information for this activity.
      - **Icon**: Icon that best represents this activity type.
      - **Web address**: Field containing a URL with information about this activity. For example, the transactional system that sources this activity. This URL can be any field from the data source, or it can be constructed as a new field using a Power Query transformation. The URL data will be stored in the *Unified Activity* entity, which can be consumed downstream using [APIs](apis.md).

   - **Show in timeline**
      - Choose if you what to show this activity in the timeline view on your customer profiles. Select **Yes** to show the activity in the timeline or **No** to hide it.

      :::image type="content" source="media/Activity_Wizard3.PNG" alt-text="Specify the customer activity data in a Unified Activity entity.":::

1. Select **Next** to move to the next step. You can select **Finish and review** to save the activity now with the activity type set to **Other**. 

1. In the **Activity Type** step, choose the activity type and optionally select if you want to semantically map some of the activity types for use in other areas of Customer Insights. Currently, *Feedback*, *Loyalty*, *SalesOrder*, *SalesOrderLine*, and *Subscription* activity types can be semantically mapped after agreeing to map the fields. If an activity type isn't relevant for the new activity, you can choose *Other* or *Create new* for a custom activity type.

1. Select **Next** to move to the next step. 

1. In the **Review** step, verify your selections. Go back to any of the previous steps and update the information if necessary.

   :::image type="content" source="media/Activity_Wizard5.PNG" alt-text="Review the specified fields for an activity.":::
   
1. Select **Save activity** to apply your changes and select **Done** to go back to **Data** > **Activities**. Here you see which activities are set to show in the timeline. 

1. On the **Activities** page, select **Run** to process the activity. 

> [!TIP]
> There are [six types of status](system.md#status-types) for tasks/processes. Additionally, most processes [depend on other downstream processes](system.md#refresh-policies). You can select the status of a process to see details on the progress of the entire job. After selecting **See details** for one of the job's tasks, you find additional information: processing time, the last processing date, and all errors and warnings associated with the task.


## Manage existing activities

On **Data** > **Activities**, you can view all your saved activities, and manage them. Each activity is represented by a row that also includes details about the source, the entity, and the activity type.

The following actions are available when you select an activity. 

- **Edit**: Opens the activity setup on the review step. You can change any or all of the current configuration from this step. After changing the configuration, select **Save activity** and then select **Run** to process the changes.

- **Rename**: Opens a dialog where you can enter a different name for the selected activity. Select **Save** to apply your changes.

- **Delete**: Opens a dialog to confirm the deletion of the selected activity. You can also delete more than one activity at once by selecting the activities and then selecting the delete icon. Select **Delete** to confirm the deletion.

## View activity timelines on customer profiles

After configuring your customer activities and selecting *show in activity timeline* in the activity configuration, you can view all your customer's activities on their customer profile.

- In audience insights, go to **Customers** and select a customer that you would like to view.

- If a customer has participated in an activity that you have configured, it will be populated on the *activity timeline*.

   :::image type="content" source="media/Activity_Timeline1.PNG" alt-text="View configured activities in Customer Profiles.":::

- There are several ways to filter activities in the activity timeline display:

   - You can select one or many of the icons for an activity type to refine your results to include the selected type(s) only.

   :::image type="content" source="media/Activity_Timeline2.PNG" alt-text="Filter activities by type using the icons.":::

   - You can select **Filter** to open a filter panel to configure your timeline filters.

      - You can filter by *ActivityType* and *Date*

      - After selecting **Apply**, your filters will appear on the activity timeline panel and your results will be populated in the timeline.

   :::image type="content" source="media/Activity_Timeline3.PNG" alt-text="Use the filter panel to configure filter conditions.":::

- To remove filters, you can select the **'x'** next to each filter applied to the timeline or you can select **Clear filters**

   :::image type="content" source="media/Activity_Timeline4.PNG" alt-text="Clear timeline view filters individually or all at once.":::

> [!NOTE]
> Activity filters do not save after you leave a customer profile. Activity timeline filters must be configured each time you click on a customer profile.

[!INCLUDE[footer-include](../includes/footer-banner.md)]
