ci-docs/audience-insights/data-sources-enrichment.md, before:

---
title: "Data source enrichment"
description: "Understand data source enrichment before unification"
ms.date: 02/10/2022
ms.service: customer-insights
ms.subservice: audience-insights
ms.topic: overview
author: v-wendysmith
ms.author: v-wendysmith
ms.reviewer: mhart
manager: shellyha

---

# Enrichment for data sources (preview)

Use data from sources like Microsoft and other partners to enrich your customer data.To produce higher quality unified customer profiles, enrich a data source before data unification. You can enrich partial data to try out a subscription before purchasing it or enrich specific profiles by selecting a market or segment.

The enrichment is not run after it is configured but is automatically run as part of the data source's scheduled refresh.

Data source enrichment options include Enhanced addresses.

## Enrich a data source

1. In audience insights, go to **Data** > **Data sources**.
1. Select the vertical ellipsis next to the data source you want to enrich and select **Enrich**.
1. Configure the enrichment. For more information, see [Enhanced addresses](enrichment-enhanced-addresses.md).

 > [!NOTE]
 > When naming the enrichment, the output entity name is automatically populated.

Commit message:

Added image to data source enrichments and enrichment info to match entities

ci-docs/audience-insights/data-sources-enrichment.md, after:

---
title: "Data source enrichment"
description: "Understand data source enrichment before unification"
ms.date: 02/10/2022
ms.service: customer-insights
ms.subservice: audience-insights
ms.topic: overview
author: v-wendysmith
ms.author: v-wendysmith
ms.reviewer: mhart
manager: shellyha

---

# Enrichment for data sources (preview)

Use data from sources like Microsoft and other partners to enrich your customer data. To produce higher quality unified customer profiles, enrich a data source before data unification. You can enrich partial data to try out a subscription before purchasing it or enrich specific profiles by selecting a market or segment.

Data source enrichment options include Enhanced addresses.

## Enrich a data source

You need to have Contributor or Administrator permissions to create or edit enrichments. For more information, see [Permissions](permissions.md).

1. In audience insights, go to **Data** > **Data sources**.
1. Select the vertical ellipsis next to the data source you want to enrich and select **Enrich**.

:::image type="content" source="media/data_sources_enrich_discover.png" alt-text="Data sources enrichment page.":::

1. Configure the enrichment. For more information, see [Enhanced addresses](enrichment-enhanced-addresses.md).

 > [!NOTE]
 > When naming the enrichment, the output entity name is automatically populated.

## Manage existing data source enrichments

Go to the **My enrichments** tab to see all configured enrichments.

Select the enrichment to see the available options. You can also select the ellipsis (...) on a list item to see the options. If you configured several enrichments, you can use the search box to find it quickly.

You can view, edit, run, or delete a data source enrichment. For more information, see [Manage existing enrichments](enrichment-hub.md).
