ci-docs/audience-insights/export-power-bi.md, before:

---
title: "Power BI connector"
description: "Learn how to use the Dynamics 365 Customer Insights connector in Power BI."
ms.date: 09/21/2020
ms.reviewer: mhart
ms.service: customer-insights
ms.subservice: audience-insights
ms.topic: how-to
author: stefanie-msft
ms.author: sthe
manager: shellyha
---

# Connector for Power BI (preview)

Create visualizations for your data with the Power BI Desktop. Generate additional insights and build reports with your unified customer data.

## Prerequisites

- You have unified customer profiles.
- The latest version of [Microsoft Power BI Desktop](https://powerbi.microsoft.com/desktop/) is installed on your computer. [Learn more about Power BI Desktop](/power-bi/desktop-what-is-desktop).

## Configure the connector for Power BI

1. In Power BI Desktop, select **File** > **Get Data**.

1. Select **See more** and search for **Dynamics 365 Customer Insights**

1. Select **Connect**.

1. **Sign in** with the same organizational account you use for Customer Insights and select **Connect**.
   > [!NOTE]
   > The account you indicate in this step is used to fetch data from Customer Insights and doesn't need to be the same you are signed in to Power BI. To reset the account that is used for data fetching, open Power BI and go to **File** > **Options** > **Settings** > **Data source settings**. In the list of data sources, select **Dynamics 365 Customer Insights Login** and select **Clear permissions**.  

1. In the **Navigator** dialog box. you see the list of all environments you have access to. Expand an environment and open any of the folders (entities, measures, segments, enrichments). For example, open the **Entities** folder, to see all entities you can import.

   ![Power BI Connector Navigator.](media/power-bi-navigator.png "Power BI Connector Navigator")

1. Select the check boxes next to the entities to include and **Load**. You can select multiple entities from multiple environments.

1. You'll see a loading dialog box while your entities are loaded. Once all of your selected entities have loaded, you can use the capabilities of Power BI to visualize the data.

## Large data sets

The Customer Insights connector for Power BI is designed to work for data sets that contain up to 1 million customer profiles. Importing larger data sets may work, but it takes a long time. Additionally, the process could run into a time-out because of Power BI limitations. For more information, see [Power BI: Recommendations for large data sets](/power-bi/admin/service-premium-what-is#large-datasets). 

### Work with a subset of data

Consider working with a subset of your data. For example, you can create [segments](segments.md) instead of exporting all customer records to Power BI.

## Troubleshooting

### Customer Insights environment doesn't show in Power BI

Environments that have more than one [relationship](relationships.md) defined between two identical entities in audience insights will not be available in the Power BI connector.

You can identify and remove the duplicated relationships.

1. In audience insights, go to **Data** > **Relationships** on the environment you're missing in Power BI.
2. Identify duplicated relationships:
   - Check if there is more than one relationship defined between the same two entities.
   - Check if there is a relationship created between two entities that are both included in the unification process. There is an implicit relationship defined between all entities included in the unification process.
3. Remove any duplicate relationships identified.

After removal of the duplicated relationships, try to configure the Power BI connector again. The environment should be available now.

[!INCLUDE[footer-include](../includes/footer-banner.md)]

Commit message:

Date format error due to locale mismatch
Added troubleshooting for date format due to locale mismatch

ci-docs/audience-insights/export-power-bi.md, after:

---
title: "Power BI connector"
description: "Learn how to use the Dynamics 365 Customer Insights connector in Power BI."
ms.date: 09/21/2020
ms.reviewer: mhart
ms.service: customer-insights
ms.subservice: audience-insights
ms.topic: how-to
author: stefanie-msft
ms.author: sthe
manager: shellyha
---

# Connector for Power BI (preview)

Create visualizations for your data with the Power BI Desktop. Generate additional insights and build reports with your unified customer data.

## Prerequisites

- You have unified customer profiles.
- The latest version of [Microsoft Power BI Desktop](https://powerbi.microsoft.com/desktop/) is installed on your computer. [Learn more about Power BI Desktop](/power-bi/desktop-what-is-desktop).

## Configure the connector for Power BI

1. In Power BI Desktop, select **File** > **Get Data**.

1. Select **See more** and search for **Dynamics 365 Customer Insights**

1. Select **Connect**.

1. **Sign in** with the same organizational account you use for Customer Insights and select **Connect**.
   > [!NOTE]
   > The account you indicate in this step is used to fetch data from Customer Insights and doesn't need to be the same you are signed in to Power BI. To reset the account that is used for data fetching, open Power BI and go to **File** > **Options** > **Settings** > **Data source settings**. In the list of data sources, select **Dynamics 365 Customer Insights Login** and select **Clear permissions**.  

1. In the **Navigator** dialog box. you see the list of all environments you have access to. Expand an environment and open any of the folders (entities, measures, segments, enrichments). For example, open the **Entities** folder, to see all entities you can import.

   ![Power BI Connector Navigator.](media/power-bi-navigator.png "Power BI Connector Navigator")

1. Select the check boxes next to the entities to include and **Load**. You can select multiple entities from multiple environments.

1. You'll see a loading dialog box while your entities are loaded. Once all of your selected entities have loaded, you can use the capabilities of Power BI to visualize the data.

## Large data sets

The Customer Insights connector for Power BI is designed to work for data sets that contain up to 1 million customer profiles. Importing larger data sets may work, but it takes a long time. Additionally, the process could run into a time-out because of Power BI limitations. For more information, see [Power BI: Recommendations for large data sets](/power-bi/admin/service-premium-what-is#large-datasets). 

### Work with a subset of data

Consider working with a subset of your data. For example, you can create [segments](segments.md) instead of exporting all customer records to Power BI.

## Troubleshooting

### Customer Insights environment doesn't show in Power BI

Environments that have more than one [relationship](relationships.md) defined between two identical entities in audience insights will not be available in the Power BI connector.

You can identify and remove the duplicated relationships.

1. In audience insights, go to **Data** > **Relationships** on the environment you're missing in Power BI.
2. Identify duplicated relationships:
   - Check if there is more than one relationship defined between the same two entities.
   - Check if there is a relationship created between two entities that are both included in the unification process. There is an implicit relationship defined between all entities included in the unification process.
3. Remove any duplicate relationships identified.

After removal of the duplicated relationships, try to configure the Power BI connector again. The environment should be available now.

### When loading entities you receive errors on date fields
When loading entities which contain fields of date format like MM/DD/YYYY, you can encounter errors due to mismatched locale formats. This mismatch happens when your Power BI file is set to another locale than US, because date fields in audience insights are saved in US locale format.

When loading such entities in PowerBI, these date fields are read as is. Since a Power BI desktop file has a single local setting, which is applied when retrieving data, the only way to get these date fields read correctly, is to set the locale of the BPI file to US. [Learn how to change the locale of a Power BI desktop file](https://docs.microsoft.com/power-bi/fundamentals/supported-languages-countries-regions#choose-the-locale-for-importing-data-into-power-bi-desktop).


[!INCLUDE[footer-include](../includes/footer-banner.md)]
