ci-docs/audience-insights/manage-environments.md, before:

---
title: "Create and manage environments"
description: "Learn how to sign up for the service and how to manage environments."
ms.date: 10/14/2021
ms.service: customer-insights
ms.subservice: audience-insights
ms.topic: how-to
ms.reviewer: mhart
author: NimrodMagen
ms.author: nimagen
manager: shellyha
---

# Manage environments

[!INCLUDE [cc-data-platform-banner](../includes/cc-data-platform-banner.md)]

## Switch environments

Select the **Environment** control in the upper-right corner of the page to change environments.

:::image type="content" source="media/home-page-environment-switcher.png" alt-text="Screenshot of the control to switch environments.":::

Administrators can [create](create-environment.md) and manage environments.

## Edit an existing environment

You can edit some of the details of existing environments.

1.	Select the **Environment** picker in the header of the app.

2.	Select the **Edit** icon.

3. In the **Edit environment** box, you can update the environment settings.

For more information on environment settings, see [Create a new environment](create-environment.md).

## Copy the environment configuration

When you create a new environment, you can choose to copy the configuration from an existing environment. 

:::image type="content" source="media/environment-settings-dialog.png" alt-text="Screenshot of the settings options in the environment settings.":::

You'll see a list of all available environments in your organization where you can copy data from.

The following configuration settings are copied:

- Ingested/imported data sources
- Data unification (Map, Match, Merge) configuration
- Segments
- Measures
- Relationships
- Activities
- Search & filter Index
- Export destinations
- Scheduled refresh
- Enrichments
- Model management
- Role assignments

The following data is *not* copied:

- Customer profiles.
- Data source credentials. You'll have to provide the credentials for every data source and refresh the data sources manually.

- Data sources from the Common Data Model folder and Dataverse-managed data lake. You'll have to create those data sources manually with the same name as in the source environment.

When you copy an environment, you'll see a confirmation message that the new environment has been created. Select **Go to data sources** to see the list of data sources.

All the data sources will show a **Credentials Required** status. Edit the data sources and enter the credentials to refresh them.

:::image type="content" source="media/data-sources-copied.png" alt-text="List of data sources that were copied and need authentication.":::

After refreshing the data sources, go to **Data** > **Unify**. Here you'll find settings from the source environment. Edit them as needed or select **Run** to start the data unification process and create the unified customer entity.

When the data unification is complete, go to **Measures** and **Segments** to refresh them too.

## Reset an existing environment

As an administrator, you can reset an environment to an empty state if you want to delete all configurations and remove the ingested data.

1.	Select the **Environment** picker in the header of the app. 

2.	Select the environment you want to reset and select the ellipsis (**...**). 

3. Choose the **Reset** option. 

4.	To confirm the deletion, enter the environment name and select **Reset**.

## Delete an existing environment

As an administrator, you can delete an environment you administer.

1.	Select the **Environment** picker in the header of the app.

2.	Select the environment you want to reset and select the ellipsis (**...**). 

3. Choose the **Delete** option. 

4.	To confirm the deletion, enter the environment name and select **Delete**.


[!INCLUDE[footer-include](../includes/footer-banner.md)]

Commit message:

add dataverse information to manage enviornments

ci-docs/audience-insights/manage-environments.md, after:

---
title: "Create and manage environments"
description: "Learn how to sign up for the service and how to manage environments."
ms.date: 11/12/2021
ms.service: customer-insights
ms.subservice: audience-insights
ms.topic: how-to
ms.reviewer: mhart
author: NimrodMagen
ms.author: nimagen
manager: shellyha
---

# Manage environments

[!INCLUDE [cc-data-platform-banner](../includes/cc-data-platform-banner.md)]

## Switch environments

Select the **Environment** control in the upper-right corner of the page to change environments.

:::image type="content" source="media/home-page-environment-switcher.png" alt-text="Screenshot of the control to switch environments.":::

Administrators can [create](create-environment.md) and manage environments.

## Edit an existing environment

You can edit some of the details of existing environments.

1.	Select the **Environment** picker in the header of the app.

2.	Select the **Edit** icon.

3. In the **Edit environment** box, you can update the environment settings.

For more information on environment settings, see [Create a new environment](create-environment.md).

## Connect to Microsoft Dataverse
   
The **Microsoft Dataverse** step lets you connect Customer Insights with your Dataverse environment.

To use [out-of-box prediction models](predictions-overview.md#out-of-box-models), configure data sharing with Dataverse. Or you can enable data ingestion from on-premises data sources, providing the Microsoft Dataverse environment URL that your organization administers. Select **Enable data sharing** to share Customer Insights output data with a Dataverse-managed data lake.

:::image type="content" source="media/dataverse-data-sharing.png" alt-text="Configuration options to enable data sharing with Microsoft Dataverse.":::

> [!NOTE]
> Customer Insights does not support the following data sharing scenarios:
> - If you save all data to your own Azure Data Lake Storage, you won't be able to enable data sharing with a Dataverse-managed data lake.
> - If you enable data sharing with Dataverse, you won't be able to [create predicted or missing values in an entity](predictions.md).

## Copy the environment configuration

When you create a new environment, you can choose to copy the configuration from an existing environment. 

:::image type="content" source="media/environment-settings-dialog.png" alt-text="Screenshot of the settings options in the environment settings.":::

You'll see a list of all available environments in your organization where you can copy data from.

The following configuration settings are copied:

- Ingested/imported data sources
- Data unification (Map, Match, Merge) configuration
- Segments
- Measures
- Relationships
- Activities
- Search & filter Index
- Export destinations
- Scheduled refresh
- Enrichments
- Model management
- Role assignments

The following data is *not* copied:

- Customer profiles.
- Data source credentials. You'll have to provide the credentials for every data source and refresh the data sources manually.

- Data sources from the Common Data Model folder and Dataverse-managed data lake. You'll have to create those data sources manually with the same name as in the source environment.

When you copy an environment, you'll see a confirmation message that the new environment has been created. Select **Go to data sources** to see the list of data sources.

All the data sources will show a **Credentials Required** status. Edit the data sources and enter the credentials to refresh them.

:::image type="content" source="media/data-sources-copied.png" alt-text="List of data sources that were copied and need authentication.":::

After refreshing the data sources, go to **Data** > **Unify**. Here you'll find settings from the source environment. Edit them as needed or select **Run** to start the data unification process and create the unified customer entity.

When the data unification is complete, go to **Measures** and **Segments** to refresh them too.

## Reset an existing environment

As an administrator, you can reset an environment to an empty state if you want to delete all configurations and remove the ingested data.

1.	Select the **Environment** picker in the header of the app. 

2.	Select the environment you want to reset and select the ellipsis (**...**). 

3. Choose the **Reset** option. 

4.	To confirm the deletion, enter the environment name and select **Reset**.

## Delete an existing environment

As an administrator, you can delete an environment you administer.

1.	Select the **Environment** picker in the header of the app.

2.	Select the environment you want to reset and select the ellipsis (**...**). 

3. Choose the **Delete** option. 

4.	To confirm the deletion, enter the environment name and select **Delete**.


[!INCLUDE[footer-include](../includes/footer-banner.md)]
