ci-docs/audience-insights/overview.md, before:

---
title: "Audience insights for Dynamics 365 Customer Insights overview"
description: "Overview of audience insights for Dynamics 365 Customer Insights."
ms.date: 01/18/2021
ms.reviewer: mhart
ms.service: customer-insights
ms.subservice: audience-insights
ms.topic: overview
author: NimrodMagen
ms.author: nimagen
manager: shellyha
ms.custom: intro-internal
---

# Audience insights for Dynamics 365 Customer Insights overview

Audience insights helps you build a deeper understanding of your customers. Connect data from various transactional, behavioral, and observational sources to create a 360-degree customer view. Use these insights to drive customer-centric experiences and processes. Unify and understand customer data and harness it for intelligent insights and actions.

## Main benefits 

- **Eliminate data silos and unify customer data**

  - Connect and unify your data with ease—bring in transactional, observational, and behavioral data from popular [data sources by using prebuilt connectors](data-sources.md).
  - Transform customer data intelligently—build unified customer profiles conforming to the [Common Data Model](/common-data-model/). Resolve customer identities with AI/ML-driven recommendations.

- **Enrich with audience intelligence**

  - Build richer customer profiles by [incorporating enriched data](enrichment-hub.md).  

- **Power your business processes and personalized customer experiences**

  - Drive personalized engagement across channels—empower marketing, sales, and service professionals with out-of-the-box, contextual customer insights and tailored customer profile cards infused into the business applications they already use every day
  - Automate customer-centric experiences and processes based on customizable profiles, business measures, and segments.
  - Enable and extend line-of-business experiences built on [Microsoft Power Platform](https://powerplatform.microsoft.com/). Quickly build applications with embedded insights using a powerful low code approach from PowerApps.  

## Key audiences

- **Data analysts / admins:**

  - Access to a rich collection of connectors to ingest all your customer data.
  - Ability to unify customer data and transform it into the [Common Data Model](/common-data-model/) format.
  - Enrich customer information with insights from audience intelligence, such as brand affinity and interests.
  - "Clicks-not-code" configuration and debugging experience to help easily configure audience insights and identify potential issues.
  - Cleanse and standardize customer data across disparate sources with AI-powered recommendations.  

- **Business users:**

  - Insights into 360-degree customer profiles and end-to-end views of the customer journey.
  - View 360-degree customer data within Dynamics 365 business processes with prebuild packages.

- **Business analysts:**

  - Build customizable profiles, define measures, create segments, and benefit from predictive analytics to get a 360-degree view of your customer, specific to your organization.  
  - Use out-of-box connectors for several Microsoft and third-party applications or APIs to further process the insights.


[!INCLUDE[footer-include](../includes/footer-banner.md)]

Commit message:

update AUI overview with pricing and licensing

ci-docs/audience-insights/overview.md, after:

---
title: "Audience insights for Dynamics 365 Customer Insights overview"
description: "Overview of audience insights for Dynamics 365 Customer Insights."
ms.date: 01/18/2021
ms.reviewer: mhart
ms.service: customer-insights
ms.subservice: audience-insights
ms.topic: overview
author: NimrodMagen
ms.author: nimagen
manager: shellyha
ms.custom: intro-internal
---

# Audience insights for Dynamics 365 Customer Insights overview

Audience insights helps you build a deeper understanding of your customers. Connect data from various transactional, behavioral, and observational sources to create a 360-degree customer view. Use these insights to drive customer-centric experiences and processes. Unify and understand customer data and harness it for intelligent insights and actions.

## Main benefits 

- **Eliminate data silos and unify customer data**

  - Connect and unify your data with ease—bring in transactional, observational, and behavioral data from popular [data sources by using prebuilt connectors](data-sources.md).
  - Transform customer data intelligently—build unified customer profiles conforming to the [Common Data Model](/common-data-model/). Resolve customer identities with AI/ML-driven recommendations.

- **Enrich with audience intelligence**

  - Build richer customer profiles by [incorporating enriched data](enrichment-hub.md).  

- **Power your business processes and personalized customer experiences**

  - Drive personalized engagement across channels—empower marketing, sales, and service professionals with out-of-the-box, contextual customer insights and tailored customer profile cards infused into the business applications they already use every day
  - Automate customer-centric experiences and processes based on customizable profiles, business measures, and segments.
  - Enable and extend line-of-business experiences built on [Microsoft Power Platform](https://powerplatform.microsoft.com/). Quickly build applications with embedded insights using a powerful low code approach from PowerApps.  

## Key audiences

- **Data analysts / admins:**

  - Access to a rich collection of connectors to ingest all your customer data.
  - Ability to unify customer data and transform it into the [Common Data Model](/common-data-model/) format.
  - Enrich customer information with insights from audience intelligence, such as brand affinity and interests.
  - "Clicks-not-code" configuration and debugging experience to help easily configure audience insights and identify potential issues.
  - Cleanse and standardize customer data across disparate sources with AI-powered recommendations.  

- **Business users:**

  - Insights into 360-degree customer profiles and end-to-end views of the customer journey.
  - View 360-degree customer data within Dynamics 365 business processes with prebuild packages.

- **Business analysts:**

  - Build customizable profiles, define measures, create segments, and benefit from predictive analytics to get a 360-degree view of your customer, specific to your organization.  
  - Use out-of-box connectors for several Microsoft and third-party applications or APIs to further process the insights.

## Pricing and licensing

Customer Insights is licensed per tenant and includes multiple capabilities. The entitled capacities include a number of profiles, daily system refreshes, POwer Platform requests, and a number of environments. You can purchase additional capacity and license to increase the default quota. 
- Detailed capacity and entitlements: [Dynamics 365 Licensing Guide](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=866544)
- Pricing overview: [Dynamics 365 Pricing](https://dynamics.microsoft.com/pricing/#CustomerDataPlatform)

[!INCLUDE[footer-include](../includes/footer-banner.md)]
