Accelerate your marketing with Copilot in Customer Insights – Journeys. Describe your goals in natural language to create real-time journeys, define audience criteria to target the right customers, and generate compelling emails by providing key points or selecting tone and topic. Copilot also recommends images that complement your message and helps you rewrite and refine content for maximum impact. These capabilities help you design personalized experiences and deliver polished communications quickly.

- **Set up proactive outreach:** Conversational journeys combines Dynamics 365 Customer Insights - Journeys, Dynamics 365 Contact Center, and AI agents built with Copilot Studio to deliver customer experiences at scale. Learn more: [Conversational journeys overview](/dynamics365/customer-insights/journeys/conversational-journeys-overview)
- **Create journeys:** Creates real-time journeys for you based on your journey goals and objectives that you can describe in natural language. Learn more: [Create journeys using AI assistance](/dynamics365/customer-insights/journeys/real-time-marketing-use-copilot-create-journey)
- **Target the right customers:** Creates segments for your journeys based on your criteria that you can describe in natural language. Learn more: [Target the right customers using query assist](/dynamics365/customer-insights/journeys/real-time-marketing-natural-language-segments)
- **Create emails:** Generates email content based on key points or a selected topic in a tone of voice that matches your message. Learn more: [Use AI to kickstart email creation](/dynamics365/customer-insights/journeys/content-ideas)
- **Recommend images:** Interprets the written and visual context of your messages, ensuring that recommended images enhance rather than detract from the overall communication. Learn more: [Use images in your content](/dynamics365/customer-insights/journeys/upload-images-files#use-images-in-your-content)
- **Rewrite and improve content:** Improves and polishes your content. Learn more: [Refresh and perfect your message](/dynamics365/customer-insights/journeys/content-rewrite)
