topics/toc.md, before:

# Quick starts
## Aria in 3 minutes 
### [[30s] What is Aria?](xref:developers/quick-starts/what-is)
### [[1m] How is it being used?](xref:developers/quick-starts/how-used)
### [[30s] Who uses Aria?](xref:developers/quick-starts/who-uses)
### [[30s] How is it structured?](xref:developers/quick-starts/how-structured)
### [[30s] How do I start?](xref:developers/quick-starts/how-start)
## Explore data
### [1. View data](xref:developers/quick-starts/1_view)
### [2. Slice and dice data](xref:developers/quick-starts/2_slice)
### [3. Transform data](xref:developers/quick-starts/3_transform)
### [4. Ask AI](xref:developers/quick-starts/4_askai)
### [5. Insight](xref:developers/quick-starts/5_insight)
## [Create your own metrics](xref:developers/quick-starts/create-own-metrics)
### [1. Collect more signals](xref:developers/quick-starts/1_collect)
### [2. Create a metric](xref:developers/quick-starts/2_create)
### [3. Use your metric](xref:developers/quick-starts/3_use)
### [4. Combine metrics](xref:developers/quick-starts/4_combine)
### [5. Add to your own dashboard](xref:developers/quick-starts/5_add)
## [Publish and share](xref:developers/quick-starts/publish-share)
### [1. Save metric](xref:developers/quick-starts/1_save)
### [2. Add finishing touches](xref:developers/quick-starts/2_add)
### [3. Publish to a dashboard](xref:developers/quick-starts/3_publish)
### [4. Subscribe to metrics](xref:developers/quick-starts/4_subscribe)
### [5. Collaborate with others](xref:developers/quick-starts/5_collaborate)
## Do more
### [You are done!](xref:developers/quick-starts/done)
### [[Use case] Increase sales](xref:developers/quick-starts/increase-sales)
### [[Use case] Set up monitoring](xref:developers/quick-starts/monitoring)
### [[Use case] Funnels!](xref:developers/quick-starts/funnels)
### [[Use case] Query interactively](xref:developers/quick-starts/query)

# Tutorials
## Collect signals
### [See raw data](xref:developers/tutorials/see-raw)
### [Send CSV data](xref:developers/tutorials/send-csv)
### [Send from elsewhere](xref:developers/tutorials/send-elsewhere)
### [Connect IoT hub](xref:developers/tutorials/import-elsewhere)
## Explore data 
### [Create metrics](xref:developers/tutorials/create-metrics)
### [Transform data](xref:developers/tutorials/transform-data)
### [Get AI suggestions](xref:developers/tutorials/get-ai)
### [Select top N](xref:developers/tutorials/select-top)
### [Use expressions](xref:developers/tutorials/use-expressions)
### [Query data](xref:developers/tutorials/query-data)
## Collaborate with others
### [Add comments](xref:developers/tutorials/add-comments)
### [Add annotations](xref:developers/tutorials/add-annotations)
### [Get updates](xref:developers/tutorials/get-updates)
## Set goals and monitor
### [Create a scorecard](xref:developers/tutorials/create-scorecard)
### [Monitor health](xref:developers/tutorials/monitor-health)
## More on graphs 

# Articles
## Collect signals better
### [Signal collection API reference](xref:developers/articles/signal-collection)
## Manipulate data better
### [Transform reference](xref:developers/articles/transform-ref)
### [Property function reference](xref:developers/articles/property-fn)
## Explore reference
### [Architecture whitepaper](xref:developers/articles/architecture)
### [Glossary](xref:developers/articles/glossary)
### [Best practice](xref:developers/articles/best-practice)
## Get service specifications
### [SLA](xref:developers/articles/sla)
### [Service limits](xref:developers/articles/service-limits)
### [Compliance](xref:developers/articles/compliance)
### [Security](xref:developers/articles/security)

# Downloads
## Event SDK Downloads 
### [Downloads](xref:developers/downloads/downloads)
## Samples
### [Samples 1](xref:developers/downloads/sdk-samples)
## Tutorials
### [Android (mobile)](xref:developers/downloads/android-java)
### [C# (services)](xref:developers/downloads/csharp)
### [Ingestion Tool](xref:developers/downloads/ingest)
### [iOS (mobile)](xref:developers/downloads/ios-objc)
### [JavaScript (Web)](xref:developers/downloads/web)

# [FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)](xref:developers/faq)

Commit message:

Replace "Aria" with "Product Insights"

topics/toc.md, after:

# Quick starts
## Product Insights in 3 minutes 
### [[30s] What is Product Insights?](xref:developers/quick-starts/what-is)
### [[1m] How is it being used?](xref:developers/quick-starts/how-used)
### [[30s] Who uses Product Insights?](xref:developers/quick-starts/who-uses)
### [[30s] How is it structured?](xref:developers/quick-starts/how-structured)
### [[30s] How do I start?](xref:developers/quick-starts/how-start)
## Explore data
### [1. View data](xref:developers/quick-starts/1_view)
### [2. Slice and dice data](xref:developers/quick-starts/2_slice)
### [3. Transform data](xref:developers/quick-starts/3_transform)
### [4. Ask AI](xref:developers/quick-starts/4_askai)
### [5. Insight](xref:developers/quick-starts/5_insight)
## [Create your own metrics](xref:developers/quick-starts/create-own-metrics)
### [1. Collect more signals](xref:developers/quick-starts/1_collect)
### [2. Create a metric](xref:developers/quick-starts/2_create)
### [3. Use your metric](xref:developers/quick-starts/3_use)
### [4. Combine metrics](xref:developers/quick-starts/4_combine)
### [5. Add to your own dashboard](xref:developers/quick-starts/5_add)
## [Publish and share](xref:developers/quick-starts/publish-share)
### [1. Save metric](xref:developers/quick-starts/1_save)
### [2. Add finishing touches](xref:developers/quick-starts/2_add)
### [3. Publish to a dashboard](xref:developers/quick-starts/3_publish)
### [4. Subscribe to metrics](xref:developers/quick-starts/4_subscribe)
### [5. Collaborate with others](xref:developers/quick-starts/5_collaborate)
## Do more
### [You are done!](xref:developers/quick-starts/done)
### [[Use case] Increase sales](xref:developers/quick-starts/increase-sales)
### [[Use case] Set up monitoring](xref:developers/quick-starts/monitoring)
### [[Use case] Funnels!](xref:developers/quick-starts/funnels)
### [[Use case] Query interactively](xref:developers/quick-starts/query)

# Tutorials
## Collect signals
### [See raw data](xref:developers/tutorials/see-raw)
### [Send CSV data](xref:developers/tutorials/send-csv)
### [Send from elsewhere](xref:developers/tutorials/send-elsewhere)
### [Connect IoT hub](xref:developers/tutorials/import-elsewhere)
## Explore data 
### [Create metrics](xref:developers/tutorials/create-metrics)
### [Transform data](xref:developers/tutorials/transform-data)
### [Get AI suggestions](xref:developers/tutorials/get-ai)
### [Select top N](xref:developers/tutorials/select-top)
### [Use expressions](xref:developers/tutorials/use-expressions)
### [Query data](xref:developers/tutorials/query-data)
## Collaborate with others
### [Add comments](xref:developers/tutorials/add-comments)
### [Add annotations](xref:developers/tutorials/add-annotations)
### [Get updates](xref:developers/tutorials/get-updates)
## Set goals and monitor
### [Create a scorecard](xref:developers/tutorials/create-scorecard)
### [Monitor health](xref:developers/tutorials/monitor-health)
## More on graphs 

# Articles
## Collect signals better
### [Signal collection API reference](xref:developers/articles/signal-collection)
## Manipulate data better
### [Transform reference](xref:developers/articles/transform-ref)
### [Property function reference](xref:developers/articles/property-fn)
## Explore reference
### [Architecture whitepaper](xref:developers/articles/architecture)
### [Glossary](xref:developers/articles/glossary)
### [Best practice](xref:developers/articles/best-practice)
## Get service specifications
### [SLA](xref:developers/articles/sla)
### [Service limits](xref:developers/articles/service-limits)
### [Compliance](xref:developers/articles/compliance)
### [Security](xref:developers/articles/security)

# Downloads
## Event SDK Downloads 
### [Downloads](xref:developers/downloads/downloads)
## Samples
### [Samples 1](xref:developers/downloads/sdk-samples)
## Tutorials
### [Android (mobile)](xref:developers/downloads/android-java)
### [C# (services)](xref:developers/downloads/csharp)
### [Ingestion Tool](xref:developers/downloads/ingest)
### [iOS (mobile)](xref:developers/downloads/ios-objc)
### [JavaScript (Web)](xref:developers/downloads/web)

# [FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)](xref:developers/faq)
