ci-docs/engagement-insights/custom-reports.md, before:

---
title: About custom reports
description: Learn how to create and custom reports.
author: pickwick129
ms.reviewer: m-hartmann
ms.author: v-salash
ms.date: 12/28/2020
ms.service: customer-insights
ms.subservice: engagement-insights 
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.manager: shellyha
---

# Create and edit custom reports

[!INCLUDE [cc-beta-prerelease-disclaimer](includes/cc-beta-prerelease-disclaimer.md)]

 In addition to out-of-box reports, you can build a custom report to help you understand user behavior. This article explain how to visualize (or design) a chart or table with data that you specify.


## Create a custom report

1. Go to **Reports** > **Custom** to access the custom report list.

1. Select **New report** to start creating a custom report.

   :::image type="content" source="media/new-custom-report.png" alt-text="New custom reports":::

1. Select **+ Add visual** in the command bar to create a table report or select a chart visualization from the **Report editor** pane.

   :::image type="content" source="media/choose-visualization.png" alt-text="First step for custom reports":::

1. After you decide on a report, choose one of the available **Metrics** (e.g., page views) to display. Then add **Dimensions** to show on the visualization.

1. To add another visualization, select **Add visual** in the command bar.     
   By default, the new visualization is a table. Select **Design** in the **Visualization editor** pane to change the visualization type. Continue by choosing a metric and dimensions.

   :::image type="content" source="media/set-metrics-dimensions.png" alt-text="Specify metrics and dimensions for a visualization":::

1. You can change the size and position of a visualization:
   - Select the visualization and then drag one of the corners or borders to adjust its size.
   - Select the visualization and move it to a new position. You can also use the arrow keys to change the position.

1. After adding all required visualizations, select **Save** in the command bar. 

1. Provide a name for the custom report and select **Save** to create the custom report.
 
## Edit a custom report

1. Go to **Reports** > **Custom** to access the custom report list.

1. In the custom report list, select **...**. 

1. Choose **Edit details** to change the name of the report.

1. Select the name of the report and use the **Add visual** and **Edit** options to add, remove, reposition, or resize the visualizations.

1. To change the properties of a visualization, select **...** and then select **Edit visual**.

   :::image type="content" source="media/edit-visual-control.png" alt-text="Editing visualizations for custom reports":::

1. After editing the report, select **Save** to apply your changes. 

## Delete a custom report

1. Go to **Reports** > **Custom** to access the custom report list.

1. In the custom report list, select **...**.

1. Choose **Delete** to remove the report.

1. Confirm your deletion to remove the report permanently.

Commit message:

Updated custom reports article. Edited text and new images

ci-docs/engagement-insights/custom-reports.md, after:

---
title: About custom reports
description: Learn how to create and custom reports.
author: pickwick129
ms.reviewer: m-hartmann
ms.author: v-salash
ms.date: 12/28/2020
ms.service: customer-insights
ms.subservice: engagement-insights 
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.manager: shellyha
---

# Create and edit custom reports

[!INCLUDE [cc-beta-prerelease-disclaimer](includes/cc-beta-prerelease-disclaimer.md)]

 In addition to out-of-box reports, you can build a custom report with chart and table visualizations to help you understand user behavior. This article explains how to create a report with the data you need using table and chart visualizations.


## Create a custom report

1. Go to **Reports** > **Custom** to access the custom report list.

1. Select **New report** to start creating a custom report.

   :::image type="content" source="media/new-custom-report.png" alt-text="New custom reports":::

1. Decide the type of report you want to build:

    - Select **Add visual** in the command bar to create a default table visualization.
    - Or, select a column, bar, line, area, pie, donut, or table visualization from the **Report editor** pane.

   :::image type="content" source="media/choose-visualization.png" alt-text="First step for custom reports":::

1. In the **Data** pane,  choose one of the available **Metrics** (for example, page views) to display. Then add **Dimensions** (for example, country) to show on the visualization.

   :::image type="content" source="media/set-metrics-dimensions.png" alt-text="Specify metrics and dimensions for a visualization":::

1. Select **Design** in the **Visualization editor** pane to add **Title text**, and set the **Position**, **Data labels**, and **axis**.  You can also change the visualization by selecting another chart type.

  :::image type="content" source="media/set-designs.png" alt-text="Editing visualizations for custom reports":::

6. You can change the size and position of a visualization:
   - Select the visualization and then drag one of the corners or borders to adjust its size.
   - Select the visualization and move it to a new position. You can also use the arrow keys to change the position.
1. To add another visualization, select **Add visual** in the command bar.
1. After adding the visualizations you want for the report, select **Save** in the command bar.

1. Provide a name for the custom report and select **Save** to create it.
 
## Edit a custom report

1. Go to **Reports** > **Custom** to access the custom report list.

1. In the custom report list, select.... 

1. Choose **Edit details** to change the name of the report.

1. Select the name of the report and use the **Add visual** and **Edit** options to add, remove, reposition, or resize the visualizations.

1. To change the properties of a visualization, select **...** and then select **Edit visual**.

   :::image type="content" source="media/edit-visual-control.png" alt-text="Editing visualizations for custom reports":::

1. After editing the report, select **Save** to apply your changes. 

## Delete a custom report

1. Go to **Reports** > **Custom** to access the custom report list.

1. In the custom report list, select....

1. Choose **Delete** to remove the report.

1. Confirm your deletion to remove the report permanently.
