ci-docs/engagement-insights/developer-resources.md, before:

---
title: Developer resources overview 
description: Find information about SDKs and how to use them.
ms.reviewer: britl
ms.author: v-salash
author: pickwick129
ms.date: 05/10/2021
ms.service: customer-insights
ms.subservice: engagement-insights 
ms.topic: how-to
ms.manager: shellyha 
---

# Developer resources overview

[!INCLUDE [cc-beta-prerelease-disclaimer](includes/cc-beta-prerelease-disclaimer.md)]

This article lists all available code snippets and samples for quick reference. Get the code for an event sender for your platform and follow the tutorials. 

## SDKs

- [How to add the code snippet on a website](instrument-website.md)
- [Web SDK sample](websdk-sample.md)
- [Advanced web SDK instrumentation](advanced-SDK-implementation.md)
- [Instrumenting an Android mobile application](get-started-android.md)
- [Android SDK sample](androidsdk-sample.md)
- [Instrumenting an iOS mobile application](get-started-ios.md)

- [iOS SDK sample](iossdk-sample.md)

[!INCLUDE[footer-include](../includes/footer-banner.md)]

Commit message:

add reference to mobile apps

ci-docs/engagement-insights/developer-resources.md, after:

---
title: Developer resources overview 
description: Find information about SDKs and how to use them.
ms.reviewer: britl
ms.author: v-salash
author: pickwick129
ms.date: 05/10/2021
ms.service: customer-insights
ms.subservice: engagement-insights 
ms.topic: how-to
ms.manager: shellyha 
---

# Developer resources overview

[!INCLUDE [cc-beta-prerelease-disclaimer](includes/cc-beta-prerelease-disclaimer.md)]

This article lists all available code snippets and samples for quick reference. Get the code for an event sender for your platform and follow the tutorials. 

## Capture events from websites

- [How to add the code snippet on a website](instrument-website.md)
- [Web SDK sample](websdk-sample.md)
- [Advanced web SDK instrumentation](advanced-SDK-implementation.md)

## Capture events from mobile apps

- [Instrumenting an Android mobile application](get-started-android.md)
- [Android SDK sample](androidsdk-sample.md)
- [Instrumenting an iOS mobile application](get-started-ios.md)
- [iOS SDK sample](iossdk-sample.md)

[!INCLUDE[footer-include](../includes/footer-banner.md)]
