ci-docs/engagement-insights/glossary.md, before:

---
title: Engagement insights capability glossary
description: Glossary of terms and phrases
author: pickwick129
ms.reviewer: ruthai
ms.author: v-salash
ms.date: 10/13/2020
ms.service: customer-insights
ms.subservice: 
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.manager: shellyha
---

# Engagement insights capability glossary

[!INCLUDE [cc-beta-prerelease-disclaimer](includes/cc-beta-prerelease-disclaimer.md)]

This list defines selected terms that appear in Dynamics 365 Customer Insights engagement insights capability and in its supporting documentation.

## Events

In digital analytics, an event represents user behavior. An event records when a user views a page (view event) or interacts with content (action event).  On a web page, as visitors view web pages, engagements insights sends page view events. As they interact with web page elements, it sends page action events.

## Member

A member of a workspace is a user in the engagement insights capability who can access a workspace. Members can have roles. Currently, “Owner” is the only role available in engagement insights capability. It allows the user to manage the workspace and its data, and to view reports.

## Metric

A metric is a quantifiable measurement of data used to track or assess a process. Page views and average time spent on site are examples of relevant metrics.

## Refined event

A refined event is a virtual view of a base event. Use refined events to simplify a base event for export or to remove properties from an event that aren't necessary for exposure or export.

## Report

A report is a collection of data visualizations. Engagement insights capability includes several predefined reports for web projects.

## Workspace

A grouping of data and reports. New workspaces include pre-configured reports and insights based on the type of product you want to analyze.

Commit message:

Added environments and updated workspace definition in glossary article; updated content in workspace and added image.

ci-docs/engagement-insights/glossary.md, after:

---
title: Engagement insights capability glossary
description: Glossary of terms and phrases
author: pickwick129
ms.reviewer: ruthai
ms.author: v-salash
ms.date: 10/13/2020
ms.service: customer-insights
ms.subservice: 
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.manager: shellyha
---

# Engagement insights capability glossary

[!INCLUDE [cc-beta-prerelease-disclaimer](includes/cc-beta-prerelease-disclaimer.md)]

This list defines selected terms that appear in Dynamics 365 Customer Insights engagement insights capability and in its supporting documentation.

## Event

In digital analytics, an event represents user behavior. An event records when a user views a page (view event) or interacts with content (action event).  On a web page, as visitors view web pages, engagements insights sends page view events. As they interact with web page elements, it sends page action events.

## Environments

 An environment can contain one or more workspaces. You can use this space to manage your workspaces and manage connections to Customer Insights audience insights capability.

## Member

A member of a workspace is a user in the engagement insights capability who can access a workspace. Members can have roles. Currently, “Owner” is the only role available in engagement insights capability. It allows the user to manage the workspace and its data, and to view reports.

## Metric

A metric is a quantifiable measurement of data used to track or assess a process. Page views and average time spent on site are examples of relevant metrics.

## Refined event

A refined event is a virtual view of a base event. Use refined events to simplify a base event for export or to remove properties from an event that aren't necessary for exposure or export.

## Report

A report is a collection of data visualizations. Engagement insights capability includes several predefined reports for web projects.

## Workspace

A workspace is how you store and manage events and reports. When create a workspace, you select the type of data you will send to the workspace. The workspace is where you can view user activity in real time.
