---
title: Responsible AI FAQs for the segment copilot
description: Learn about the segment copilot's AI capabilities and responsible use in our FAQs. Discover how to generate segments using natural language prompts.
ms.date: 11/22/2024
ms.topic: faq
author: alfergus
ms.author: alfergus
ms.collection: bap-ai-copilot
ms.custom:
  - transparency-note
  - ai-gen-docs-bap
  - ai-gen-description
  - ai-seo-date:11/22/2024
---

# Responsible AI FAQs for the segment copilot

This FAQ provides information about the AI technology used in the segment copilot, along with key considerations and details about how AI is used, how it was tested and evaluated, and any specific limitations.

## What is the segment copilot?

This feature allows the user to enter a natural language prompt on the segments page in Customer Insights and helps build segments with specified criteria through the Copilot chat experience. The feature generates a suggested segment configuration and data mapping based on the natural language prompt and data available in Customer Insights. Users then verify the segment and edit it as needed.

## What are capabilities of the segment copilot?

The segment copilot provides the following components or capabilities:
- An AI-generated suggested segment based on data within the user's environment.
- The ability to translate natural language into SQL statements to generate the segment criteria.
- The ability to default to the shortest relationship path per the user’s input on the segment definition while offering the option to edit the relationship path.
- The ability to give feedback to the copilot to improve the accuracy of future segment results. 

## What is the intended use of the segment copilot?

The segment copilot democratizes the varying technical ability of users and helps them create complex segments through natural language.

## How was the segment copilot evaluated? What metrics are used to measure performance?

The performance of the segment copilot is determined by the successful generation of the AI-generated segment criteria and the publishing of the segment generated by the copilot. The feedback provided through the thumbs up or thumbs down responses is tracked to understand satisfaction with the feature.

## What are the limitations of the segment copilot? How can users minimize the impact of the limitations when using the system?

The segment copilot feature is currently only available in North America and Europe; it's available in English only.

## What operational factors and settings allow for effective and responsible use of the feature?

The segment copilot doesn't share data across environments. There's no ability to use or generate content that could lead to harm. Opt-in consent to the data prep report is provided in the **Settings** page and managed by the Admin role for Customer Insights - Data. Consent can be revoked at any time to turn off the feature.

[!INCLUDE [footer-include](./includes/footer-banner.md)]
