---
title: Responsible AI FAQs for content rewrite
description: The Responsible AI FAQs discuss content rewrite and the key considerations for making use of this technology responsibly.
ms.date: 10/19/2023
ms.topic: article
author: alfergus
ms.author: alfergus
search.audienceType: 
  - admin
  - customizer
  - enduser
---

# Responsible AI FAQs for content rewrite

[!INCLUDE [consolidated-sku-rtm-only](./includes/consolidated-sku-rtm-only.md)]

These responsible AI FAQs describe the AI impact of Dynamics 365 Customer Insights - Journeys's content rewrite feature.

> [!NOTE]
> Editing text with content rewrite copilot is available for the following types of content:
> - Email, email template
> - Form
> - Text message
> - Push notification

> [!NOTE]
> The Content rewrite copilot is currently available in the United States, in the English language only.

> [!Tip]
> Learn about using the Content ideas copilot to create inspiring email content ideas in our blog: Make email creation fun and more efficient with AI-powered content ideas in Dynamics 365 Customer Insights - Journeys

## What is the Content rewrite copilot?

The content rewrite copilot helps you to rapidly iterate on your content to optimize your messaging. Whether you're creating content for email, text messages, push notifications or forms, using copilot, you can easily rephrase messages, adjust the tone of voice, and shorten or lengthen copy, increasing productivity and delivering better results.

Select any text and leverage copilot to:
- re-write their text and choose from different variations
- change tone of voice to be more engaging, formal, casual, luxury, or adventurous
- shorten or lengthen copy

## What are the system’s capabilities?

Content rewrite is built on a machine learning model called GPT-3.5. Trained on a vast number of text samples from the internet, GPT-3.5 generates new text that looks and sounds like text that was written by a human. Content rewrite masks any personal data in generated ideas and shows only the results that are long enough and unique enough to be useful.

The only time a human review the content of generated text is if you report it to Microsoft (using a quick feedback survey built into the content rewrite feature).

## What is the system’s intended use?

The content rewrite feature is intended to increase productivity when creating content. Marketers can use content rewrite to refresh or perfect their new or existing marketing messages. Text generated by content rewrite isn't intended to be used without manual review or supervision.

## How was content rewrite evaluated? What metrics are used to measure performance?

Content rewrite underwent substantial testing before the feature was released. Content rewrite relies on user feedback to report inappropriate content. If you encounter inappropriate content being generated, report it to Microsoft using this feedback form: [Report abuse](https://msrc.microsoft.com/report/abuse?ThreatType=URL&IncidentType=Responsible%20AI&SourceUrl=https://dynamics.microsoft.com/marketing/overview/). Your feedback helps improve the functionality moving forward.

Microsoft may disable the content rewrite feature for selected customers if abuse of the functionality is detected.

## What are the limitations of content rewrite? How can users minimize the impact of the content rewrite limitations when using the system?

Content rewrite generates original content, but it isn’t always factual. In addition, because the underlying technology behind content rewrite uses AI that has been trained on a wide range of internet sources, some text suggestions may include questionable or inappropriate content. It's your responsibility to edit generated suggestions so that your final copy is accurate and appropriate.

## What operational factors and settings allow for effective and responsible use of the system?

Follow these procedures to make the most of the content rewrite feature:
1. Ensure at least 10 words in your initial text.
1. Ensure high-quality of your initial text.
1. Always review and edit content ideas suggestions before publishing them in an email or marketing campaign.
