---
title: Configure lead scoring options in outbound marketing
description: Use the Lead scoring page in the Settings work area to configure a few basic options that control how automatic lead scoring works on your instance in outbound marketing.
ms.date: 08/21/2023
ms.topic: article
author: alfergus
ms.author: alfergus
search.audienceType: 
  - admin
  - customizer
  - enduser
ms.custom: outbound-marketing
---

# Configure lead scoring options in outbound marketing

> [!IMPORTANT]
> **This article only applies to [outbound marketing](user-guide.md), which will be removed from the product on June 30, 2025.** To avoid interruptions, transition to real-time journeys before this date. More information: [Transition overview](transition-overview.md)

Use the **Lead scoring** page in the **Settings** work area to configure a few basic options that control how automatic lead scoring works on your instance. Do the following to find and make these settings:

1. Go to **Settings** > **Lead management** > **Scoring configuration**.
1. A list view opens. Do one of the following:
    - If no records are listed here, select **New** from the command bar to create one.
    - If there already is a record here, select it to open it.
    > [!NOTE]
    > You should usually have exactly one active lead-scoring configuration in your system, though the system allows any number of them. If you have more than one, then the most recently created record will take effect. If you have none, then all the settings (described in the next step) will default to "yes".

1. Your new or existing lead-configuration record opens. Make the following settings:
    - **Name**: Enter a name for the lead-configuration record. This name is shown in the list view.
    - **Automatic sales ready**: Set this to **Yes** to allow the system to automatically mark and promote leads to the **Sales acceptance** stage of the **Lead-to-opportunity marketing sales process** business process when the reach a sales-ready score according to a relevant scoring model. Set this to **No** to disable this feature.
    - **Automated marketing qualification**: Set this to **Yes** to allow the system to automatically advance leads to the **Automated marketing qualification** stage of the **Lead-to-opportunity marketing sales process** business process as soon as they receive any score generated by a lead-scoring model. Set this to **No** to disable this feature. 
    - **Automatic lead scores cleanup**: This option controls what happens when you stop a lead-scoring model that has already been live, and may therefore already have calculated some scores. Set this to **Yes** to delete all scores calculated by the stopped lead-scoring model (they will automatically be recalculated if you go live again with the model). Set this to **No** to continue to show the scores for stopped models (though these scores will slowly fall out of date if the model remains stopped).
1. Save your settings.

[!INCLUDE [footer-include](./includes/footer-banner.md)]
