ci-docs/overview.md, before:

---
title: Product overview
author: m-hartmann
description: Get an overview for Dynamics 365 Customer Insights and its capabilities.
ms.author: mhart
ms.date: 07/30/2021
ms.service: customer-insights
ms.topic: overview
ms.manager: shellyha
ms.custom: intro-internal
---

# Product overview for Dynamics 365 Customer Insights

[Dynamics 365 Customer Insights](https://dynamics.microsoft.com/ai/customer-insights/) is a part of Microsoft's customer data platform (CDP) that helps deliver personalized customer experiences. The platform's capabilities provide insights into who your customers are and how they engage with your platform. Unify customer data across multiple sources to get a single view of customers.


- [Audience insights](audience-insights/overview.md) helps you transform your business into a customer-centric organization. Marketing, sales, and service professionals have the insights they need to personalize experiences. Connect data from transactional, behavioral, and observational sources to create a 360-degree customer view. See results faster with a CDP designed to deliver insights that can be acted upon. 

- [Engagement insights (preview)](engagement-insights/index.yml) enables you to understand interactively, how your customers are using your services and products – both individually and holistically – on websites, mobile apps, and connected products. Combine behavioral analytics with transactional, demographic, survey, and other data types from Microsoft Dynamics 365 Customer Insights. Maintain full control over your customer data to ensure the highest level of data governance and compliance.
 
## Choose a capability

:::image type="content" source="engagement-insights/media/choose_focus.png" alt-text="Customer insights page that lets you navigate to audience insights or engagement insights.":::

To choose a capability

1. In the navigation pane, select **All apps** to open the **Choose your focus** window.
1. Select **Go now** to navigate to the capability of your choice.


[!INCLUDE[footer-include](includes/footer-banner.md)]

Commit message:

move pricing blurb and update link

ci-docs/overview.md, after:

---
title: Product overview
author: m-hartmann
description: Get an overview for Dynamics 365 Customer Insights and its capabilities.
ms.author: mhart
ms.date: 07/30/2021
ms.service: customer-insights
ms.topic: overview
ms.manager: shellyha
ms.custom: intro-internal
---

# Product overview for Dynamics 365 Customer Insights

[Dynamics 365 Customer Insights](https://dynamics.microsoft.com/ai/customer-insights/) is a part of Microsoft's customer data platform (CDP) that helps deliver personalized customer experiences. The platform's capabilities provide insights into who your customers are and how they engage with your platform. Unify customer data across multiple sources to get a single view of customers.


- [Audience insights](audience-insights/overview.md) helps you transform your business into a customer-centric organization. Marketing, sales, and service professionals have the insights they need to personalize experiences. Connect data from transactional, behavioral, and observational sources to create a 360-degree customer view. See results faster with a CDP designed to deliver insights that can be acted upon. 

- [Engagement insights (preview)](engagement-insights/index.yml) enables you to understand interactively, how your customers are using your services and products – both individually and holistically – on websites, mobile apps, and connected products. Combine behavioral analytics with transactional, demographic, survey, and other data types from Microsoft Dynamics 365 Customer Insights. Maintain full control over your customer data to ensure the highest level of data governance and compliance.
 
## Choose a capability

:::image type="content" source="engagement-insights/media/choose_focus.png" alt-text="Customer insights page that lets you navigate to audience insights or engagement insights.":::

To choose a capability

1. In the navigation pane, select **All apps** to open the **Choose your focus** window.
1. Select **Go now** to navigate to the capability of your choice.

## Pricing and licensing

Customer Insights is licensed per tenant and includes multiple capabilities. You can purchase additional capacity and license to increase the default quota. 
- [Pricing overview](https://dynamics.microsoft.com/ai/customer-insights/pricing/)
- Capacity and entitlements: [Dynamics 365 Licensing Guide](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=866544)

[!INCLUDE[footer-include](includes/footer-banner.md)]
